README.md, before:

# FOnline2S3_GRAPHITE_INTRFACE
FOnline2S3 Custom Interface

Q: What is it?
A: Pure Interface based on PEIOSv4 interface by drot/Odijsuppi in black n white variant. It's only for FOnline2. Comes in red, green, blue and white flavour.

![Alt text](ARTC/GRAPHITE_V2.3.jpg?raw=false "Showing all flavours")

Q: Which version is actual?
A: Actual version is 2.3.

Q: Does it come in conjunction with Lil'MoD/redhex?
A: Yes, it's expansion of LilModV13. It is expansion from ordinary mod to complex interface.

Q: What's the modification?
A: Goal is to make the interface with sharp fonts, white borders, black outlines, translucent (around 67%) and to be black and white. Also theatrical ambiance effect done by OpenGL shaders.

Q: Is it finished?
A: It's in public release state so people can use it.

Q: What resolutions are supported?
A: Supported resolutions are 800x600(minimal), 1024x768, 1280x1024, 1366x768, 1680x1050, 1920x1080, 2560x1440 and 3840x2160.

Q: May I join the development of it?
A: Nope, not at this moment.. However you can fork and create your own.
   
Q: How do I install this?
A: There're two ways:
1. Extracting the zip archive in FOnline2S3en/data folder, running the CleanCache.bat and then running the game.
2. Putting file in FOnline2S3en/data folder, including it in DataFiles.cfg with data/<archive_example.zip> (as a last line preferably), running the CleanCache.bat and then running the game.

Q: Who's involved in making of this?
A: Wesan provided me the latest FOnline2 logo and screenshot of Glow appearing in the Main Menu. PEIOSv4 is work of DoctorEex/Odijsuppi. Then in the end I will humbly mention myself.

Commit message:

Minus harsh effects. Plus ADDONs.
Removing harsh effects for GRAPHITE V2.3 interface. Updating README with ADDONs pics and verbose desc.

README.md, after:

# FOnline2S3_GRAPHITE_INTRFACE
FOnline2S3 Custom Interface

Q: What is it?
A: Pure Interface based on PEIOSv4 interface by drot/Odijsuppi in black n white variant. It's only for FOnline2. Comes in red, green, blue and white flavour.

![Alt text](ARTC/GRAPHITE_V2.3_PLUS.jpg?raw=false "Showing all flavours")

Q: Which version is actual?
A: Actual version is 2.3.

Q: Does it come in conjunction with Lil'MoD/redhex?
A: Yes, it's expansion of LilModV13. It is expansion from ordinary mod to complex interface.

Q: What's the modification?
A: Goal is to make the interface with sharp fonts, white borders, black outlines, translucent (around 67%) and to be black and white. Also theatrical ambiance effect done by OpenGL shaders.

Q: Is it finished?
A: It's in public release state so people can use it.

Q: What resolutions are supported?
A: Supported resolutions are 800x600(minimal), 1024x768, 1280x1024, 1366x768, 1680x1050, 1920x1080, 2560x1440 and 3840x2160.

Q: May I join the development of it?
A: Nope, not at this moment.. However you can fork and create your own.
   
Q: How do I install this?
A: There're two ways:
1. Extracting the zip archive in FOnline2S3en/data folder, running the CleanCache.bat and then running the game.
2. Putting file in FOnline2S3en/data folder, including it in DataFiles.cfg with data/<archive_example.zip> (as a last line preferably), running the CleanCache.bat and then running the game.

Q: Who's involved in making of this?
A: Wesan provided me the latest FOnline2 logo and screenshot of Glow appearing in the Main Menu. PEIOSv4 is work of DoctorEex/Odijsuppi. Then in the end I will humbly mention myself.

# Add-On Mods

Add-on Mods are separated mods from original interface and user (referenced as player)
can install them separately. Gameplay with them is significantly improved them.
This repository includes several of them, secludedly placed in ```ADDONS``` directory:

Onground Items Higlighther - improve search & locating specific items on the ground or item containers.
![Alt text](ADDONS/HiglightherZ1.jpg?raw=false "Onground Items Higlighther")

Clear Font Enhancer - improve font general appearance.
![Alt text](ADDONS/RazorFontZ5.jpg?raw=false "Razor Font Enhancer")

No Walls Mod - Replace walls with hexagons thus providing better focus on gameplay
![Alt text](ADDONS/NoWallsModZ9.jpg?raw=false "Walls remove mod")

Can be installed in the same fashion as interface or any mod.
